Did you know Arsene Wenger single-handedly revolutionised the football culture in the United kingdom with regimented training and dietary reforms?
The club is named Arsenal after its founder Arsene Wenger.
Arsene is the only manager to successfully guide his team to the Champions League 20 years in a row.
Wenger speaks 6 languages, English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, and Attacking Football.
Arsene Wenger's teams have had 357 draws. This amount of draws is known as 1.3 Tottenham Seasons.
No manager has won more FA Cups than Arsene Wenger (7).
Arsene Wenger is the only manager in Premier League history to go an entire season unbeaten.
Did you know Arsene Wenger once tried to sign himself.
Arsene Wenger almost managed Tottenham, before deciding he didn't want to be a farmer.
Did you know Arsene has a degree in Economics from Strasbourg University? He also has a degree in dress sense from the stay puft man.
Arsene Wenger was the first non-Brit to win the Premier League Trophy
Did you know Arsene's favorite animal is a horse. His least favorite animal is Cesc Fabregas.
Arsene Wenger has an Asteroid named after him.
Did you know when Arsene first joined Arsenal, he only planned to stay five years?
In 2007 Arsene Wenger was the only manager in England to have made a profit from transfers.
Did you know that Arsene Wenger also holds the New Zealander record for fastest eater of a pavlova cake, at 16 seconds.
Arsene Wenger does not actually speak Spanish, but Santi Cazorla never noticed.
Did you know that Arsene Wenger once attempted to train a very intelligent seeing eye dog to be the fitness coach?
Arsène Wenger developed his Wengerball style of play after studying Napoleonic war tactics
Arsène Wenger talked George Weah into running for Liberian presidency.
Arsène Wenger rigged the last Liberian election to divert their GDP into the warchest.
To save time when waking in the morning, Arsène Wenger eats an entire teabag instead of wasting time making tea.
Arsene once negotiated the price of a £25 sirloin steak at a steakhouse. After two months of back and forth he finally managed to get a ham sandwich for £20.
Wenger once tried to make a rival to AFTV called "Wenger Out, And About" but they didn't have the budget to go live.
Arsene  Wenger once famously said during his stint as manager at Nagoya Grampus Eight -  “Look, football is a bit like sex you know”
Due to Arsene Wenger's prowess in bed, he never finishes first, much like in football.
Arsène has a £100,000 bonus in his contract paid out every time #vent is opened.
Arsene Wenger once said this of Alex Iwobi's place in the first team: "Form is temporary, Iwobi is permanent"
Arsène Wenger has 9 passports.
Arsène Wenger is 5th in line to the throne of Bhutan
