What a load of shite.
No one got wasted anywhere. Ramsey turned into a great creative midfielder, Wilshere is still one of the best midfielders in Europe when he gets a run of games, Walcott was a fantastic player up until his repeated knee-injury and Oxlade-Chamberlain was a good winger, who happens to be no further forward at his new club, he just happens to be older.
You have to remember that with each and every one of these players, there is a common, reoccurring theme here. Injuries. Ramsey had a bone sticking out of his leg for a year-and-a-half at the age of 19. 19-years-old and you've just had one of the worst injuries you could ever get in your life! Wilshere, fuck me, there's a reason he's called Jack Wheelchair, the guy is perpetually fucking injured, seriously, he has never ever had an injury-free season, in his career! Walcott again, had an unbelievable run of games where he was scoring for fun or assisting or playing well, but then picked up injuries along the way, when he joined from Southampton, he had a persistent shoulder injury, which required surgery and then had an ACL injury, which any athlete in the world will tell you, is one of the worst muscle-based injuries an athlete can get. Oxlade-Chamberlain, again, injured every fucking time, without fail. Same as Jack, never ever had an injury-free season, was constantly picking up issues and strains and would often be out for three months-at-a-time.
Look at the youngsters that we had that never had injuries, Nasri, Fabregas, Cole, van Persie, Adebayor (to an extent) and Flamini (first spell), these were all top, top players who actually made good of the chances given to them.

Also, fuck off we wasted Sánchez and Özil. People conveniently forget Sánchez's amazing disappearing act throughout his second season and the fact that he won two trophies here (five if you include the Community Shield, which no one does, rightly so too), he won the Copa America with his nation and became one of the best players in the Premier League over the last fifteen years. And Özil has won a World Cup and three FA Cups and has only had one season with us where he hasn't won a trophy.
Every single one of those players have a career because of Wenger and only because of him. Ramsey was getting booed by our own fans at one point and had to be rested to keep him out of the firing line, Walcott only ever gets a chance because of Wenger, because he's the only one deluded enough to still play him, Wilshere would have been sold years ago under any other manager, purely because of his injury and discipline record and Oxlade-Chamberlain managed nine goals and like sixteen assists or something in six seasons, fuck me, if anyone had faith in him, it was Wenger, those players owe him a lot.
We haven't wasted anyone, if anything, we've seen staggering examples of youngsters not taking the chances afforded to them or where players have gotten lazy and not contributed, the manager is to blame in some areas, but all the examples you listed are the victims of their own injury problems and their own staggering lack of abilities.
